The game is composed of 2 stacks named a and b.
• To start with:

◦ a contains a random number of either positive or negative numbers without
any duplicates.
◦ b is empty

• The goal is to sort in ascending order numbers into stack a.

• To do this you have the following operations at your disposal:
sa : swap a - swap the first 2 elements at the top of stack a. Do nothing if there
is only one or no elements).

sb : swap b - swap the first 2 elements at the top of stack b. Do nothing if there
is only one or no elements).

ss : sa and sb at the same time.

pa : push a - take the first element at the top of b and put it at the top of a. Do
nothing if b is empty.

pb : push b - take the first element at the top of a and put it at the top of b. Do
nothing if a is empty.

ra : rotate a - shift up all elements of stack a by 1. The first element becomes
the last one.

rb : rotate b - shift up all elements of stack b by 1. The first element becomes
the last one.

rr : ra and rb at the same time.

rra : reverse rotate a - shift down all elements of stack a by 1. The last element
becomes the first one.

rrb : reverse rotate b - shift down all elements of stack b by 1. The last element
becomes the first one.

rrr : rra and rrb at the same time.

General Instructions:
write
read
malloc
free
exit

* no leaks
* norm
* without global variables
* program must not quit in an unexpected manner (Segmentation fault, bus error, double free, etc).
* libft including its own Makefile
* Makefile must contain the usual rules. It can only recompile the program if necessary.

FOR PUSH_SWAP:
https://medium.com/@jamierobertdawson/push-swap-the-least-amount-of-moves-with-two-stacks-d1e76a71789a - good article


for ft-ls:
10.1.6 форматирование временных меток файлов
По умолчанию временные метки файлов отображаются в сокращенном виде с использованием даты например, "Mar 30 2002" для несвоевременных меток времени и date-without-year и время, как "Mar 30 23:45" для недавних меток времени. Этот формат может изменение в зависимости от текущего locale, как описано ниже.

А timestamp считается "recent", если он меньше шести несколько месяцев назад, и не датируется в будущем. Если timestamp от Сегодня не перечислен в недавней форме, timestamp находится в будущем, которое означает, что у вас, вероятно, есть проблемы с перекосом часов, которые могут нарушить программы например, 'make', которые полагаются на временные метки файлов.